


Language Points
New Words
Roommate Conflicts
     Identical twins Katie and Sarah Monahan arrived at Pennsylvania's Gettysburg College last year determined to strike out on independent paths. Although the 18-year-old sisters had requested rooms in different dorms, the housing office placed them on the eighth floor of the same building, across the hall from each other. While Katie got along with her roommate, Sarah was miserable. She and her roommate silently warred over matters ranging from when the lights should be turned off to how the furniture should be arranged. Finally, they divided the room in two and gave up on oral communication, communicating primarily through short notes.



    During this time, Sarah kept running across the hall to seek comfort from Katie. Before long, the two wanted to live together again. Sarah's roommate eventually agreed to move out. "From the first night we lived together again, we felt so comfortable," says Sarah. "We felt like we were back home."

    Sarah's ability to solve her dilemma by rooming with her identical twin is unusual, but the conflict she faced is not. Despite extensive efforts by many schools to make good roommate matches, unsatisfactory outcomes are common. One roommate is always cold, while the other never wants to turn up the furnace , even though the thermometer says it's minus five outside. One person likes quiet, while the other person spends two hours a day practicing the trumpet , or turns up his sound system to the point where the whole room vibrates . One eats only organically produced vegetables and believes all living things are holy , even ants and mosquitoes, while the other likes wearing fur and enjoys cutting up frogs in biology class.

    When personalities don't mix, the excitement of being away at college can quickly grow stale . Moreover, roommates can affect each other's psychological health. A recent study reports that depression in college roommates is often passed from one person to another.

    Learning to tolerate a stranger's habits may teach undergraduates flexibility and the art of compromise, but the learning process is often painful. Julie Noel, a 21-year-old senior, recalls that she and her freshman year roommate didn't communicate and were uncomfortable throughout the year. "I kept playing the same disk in my CD player for a whole day once just to test her because she was so timid ," says Noel. "It took her until dinner time to finally change it." Although they didn't saw the room in half, near year's end, the two did end up in a screaming fight. "Looking back, I wish I had talked to her more about how I was feeling," says Noel.

    Most roommate conflicts spring from such small, irritating differences rather than from grand disputes over abstract philosophical principles. "It's the specifics that tear roommates apart," says the assistant director of residential programs at a university in Ohio.

    In extreme cases, roommate conflict can lead to serious violence, as it did at Harvard last spring: One student killed her roommate before committing suicide. Many schools have started conflict resolution programs to calm tensions that otherwise can build up like a volcano preparing to explode, ultimately resulting in physical violence. Some colleges have resorted to "roommate contracts" that all new students fill out and sign after attending a seminar on roommate relations. Students detail behavioral guidelines for their room, including acceptable hours for study and sleep, a policy for use of each other's possessions and how messages will be handled. Although the contracts are not binding and will never go to a jury , copies are given to the floor's residential adviser in case conflicts later arise. "The contract gives us permission to talk about issues which students forget or are afraid to talk about," says the director of residential programs.

    Some schools try to head off feuding before it begins by using computerized matching, a process that nevertheless remains more of a guessing game than a science. Students are put together on the basis of their responses to housing form questions about smoking tolerance, preferred hours of study and sleep, and self-described tendencies toward tidiness or disorder . Parents sometimes weaken the process by taking the forms and filling in false and wishful data about their children's habits, especially on the smoking question. The matching process is also complicated by a philosophical debate among housing managers concerning the flavor of university life: "Do you put together people who are similar―or different, so they can learn about each other?" A cartoon sums up the way many students feel the process works: Surrounded by a mass of papers, a housing worker picks up two selection forms and exclaims , "Likes chess , likes football; they're perfect together!"

    Alan Sussman, a second-year student, says, "I think they must have known each of our personalities and picked the opposite," he recalls. While Sussman was neat and serious about studying, his roommate was messy and liked to party into the early hours of the morning. "I would come into the room and find him pawing through my desk, looking for postage for a letter. Another time, I arrived to find him chewing on the last of a batch of chocolate chip cookies my mother had sent me. People in the hall were putting up bets as to when we were going to start slapping each other around," he says. Against all odds , the two ended up being friends. Says Sussman: "We taught each other a lot―but I would never do it again."
室友间的冲突

 同卵双胞胎卡蒂和萨拉・莫纳汉去年来到宾夕法尼亚的葛底斯堡大学，决心闯出一条独立之路。 虽然这对18岁的姐妹曾要求住在不同的宿舍楼，但宿管处还是把她们安排在了同一栋楼的第8层，中间只隔一条过道。 卡蒂与室友相处融洽，但萨拉却十分不快。 她因许多事情与室友暗地里不和，诸如什么时候熄灯、家具应如何摆放等等。 最后她们将房间一分为二，彼此不再说话，主要通过写便条进行交流。
 这段时间里，萨拉不断跑到过道对面卡蒂那儿寻求慰藉。 不久两人又想住在一起了， 而萨拉的室友最终也同意搬出。 “从重新住在一起的第一晚开始，我就感到很舒服，”萨拉说， “就好像回到家里一样。”
 萨拉以和同卵双生姐妹同住的办法走出了她的困境，这种办法很少见，但她所遇到的冲突却并不罕见。 尽管许多学校已做了许多努力来为学生安排合适的室友，但结果常常不尽如人意。 一位室友总感觉冷，而另一位却总是不想调高暖气温度，尽管气温计显示室外温度已达零下5度。 一个喜欢安静，而另一个却每天练习两个小时的小号，或将音响开得很大，响得连整个房间都在震动。 一个只吃有机蔬菜产品，认为所有生物都是神圣的，即使是蚂蚁、蚊子也如此，而另一位却爱穿皮草，喜欢在生物课上将青蛙开膛破肚。
 彼此性格不合时，离家上大学的那种兴奋感就会立刻变得索然无味。 而且，室友会互相影响对方的心理健康。 根据最近的研究，大学生室友的忧郁症往往会从一个人传给另一个人。
 学会容忍陌生人的习惯可使大学生学会灵活应变和妥协的艺术，但这往往是一个十分痛苦的过程。 21岁的朱莉・诺埃尔是大四学生。她回忆说，她一年级时与室友无法沟通，彼此整整一年都很不自在。 “我曾从早到晚用CD机播放同一张碟，就是为了试试她，因为她太羞怯了，”诺埃尔说， “直到那天晚饭时，她才终于改变了她的羞怯。” 虽然她们没有将房间一分为二，但是到了年末，她们还是大吵一场分开了。“回想起来，我真希望当时能跟她谈谈我的感受，”诺埃尔说。
 大多数室友间冲突的起因都是小小的令人不快的分歧，而不是抽象的哲学原则上的重大争执。 “都是具体的事情弄得室友不和，”俄亥俄州一所大学的宿舍管理处主任助理说。
 在极端的情况下，室友间的冲突可能引发严重的暴力事件。去年春天哈佛大学就发生了这种情况：一位学生将她的室友杀害后自杀。 许多学校都已经启动了化解冲突的项目，以缓和紧张形势，要不然它们就会像火山一样蓄势待发，最终导致暴力行为。 有些大学采用了“室友合同”的做法：所有新生在参加有关室友关系的讨论会之后，都要填写签署该合同。 学生们订下详细的宿舍行为准则，包括可以共同接受的学习时间、睡眠时间，动用彼此物品的原则，以及如何处理留言。 虽然合同不具有法律约束力，也永远不会诉诸法庭，但合同副本都被送到所在楼层的宿舍指导员处，以防日后发生冲突。 宿舍管理处主任说：“合同允许我们处理一些同学们没有想到或不愿谈及的问题。”
 有些学校试图通过电脑配对安排住宿，以期防止争吵发生。不过这种做法更像推测游戏，并不科学。 它根据学生对住宿表格上一系列问题的回答将他们组合在一起。这些问题包括是否容忍抽烟，选择什么样的作息时间，以及对个人习惯是整洁还是凌乱的自我描述。 有时家长会拿走表格，就他们孩子的习惯填入不真实的、一厢情愿的数据，特别是在吸烟问题上，这就削弱了这种做法的效果。 此外，宿舍管理人员中关于大学生活特色的理论之争也使这一安排过程复杂化。这一争论围绕的主题是：“到底是让相似的人住在一起，还是让不同的人住在一起，让他们取长补短呢？” 一幅漫画道出了许多学生对这一做法的感受：面对一大堆资料，宿舍工作人员随便拿出两张待选的表格，叫道：“这位喜欢象棋，那位爱好足球，他们住在一起是最理想的了！”
 一位二年级学生艾伦・萨斯曼回忆道：“我觉得他们肯定了解我们的性格，然后就选性格相反的（搭配）。” 萨斯曼喜欢整洁，学习认真，而他的室友却邋里邋遢，而且喜欢通宵聚会直至凌晨。 “我一进房间，就看见他在我的桌子上到处乱翻，想找邮票去寄信。 还有一次，我回来就看到他在吃我的最后一块巧克力曲奇饼，那是我妈妈带给我的。 宿舍楼里的人都在打赌我们什么时候打起来，”他说。 但是出乎人们的意料，他们却最终成了朋友。 萨斯曼说：“我们彼此从对方身上学到了许多东西──但我也决不想再有这样的经历了。”



Language Point 1





 She and her roommate silently warred over matters ranging from when the lights should be turned off to how the furniture should be arranged. (Para. 1)
 Meaning: She and her roommate had different opinion about many things, such as when to turn off the lights and how to arrange the furniture in the room.



 Language Point 2





 Finally, they divided the room in two and gave up on oral communication, communicating primarily through short notes. (Para. 1)
 Meaning: At last, they divided the room in two and stopped talking to each other, communicating mainly through short notes.



 Language Point 3





 When personalities don't mix, the excitement of being away at college can quickly grow stale. (Para. 4)
 Meaning: If the personalities of two roommates conflict, problems may arise between them, which quickly makes the excitement of leaving home and living on campus disappear.



 Language Point 4





 Although they didn't saw the room in half, near year's end, the two did end up in a screaming fight. (Para. 5)
 Meaning: The two girls didn't divide the room in two literally, but near the end of the year, their relationship came to an end when a loud argument broke out between them.



 Language Point 5





 Most roommate conflicts spring from such small, irritating differences rather than from grand disputes over abstract philosophical principles. (Para. 6)
 Meaning: Most roommate conflicts are caused by trivial, unpleasant differences instead of serious arguments on abstract principles concerning personal opinions.



 Language Point 6





 Many schools have started conflict resolution programs to calm tensions that otherwise can build up like a volcano preparing to explode, ultimately resulting in physical violence. (Para. 7)
 Meaning: Many schools have started programs aiming to solve conflicts and to calm tensions between roommates, which, if not solved, can intensify and may break out at any time like a volcano, eventually leading to physical violence.



 Language Point 7





 Some schools try to head off feuding before it begins by using computerized matching, a process that nevertheless remains more of a guessing game than a science. (Para. 8)
 Meaning: Some schools try to prevent dorm conflicts from happening by using the computer to pair the students for rooming together, but the computerized matching process is more like a guessing game than a science.



 Language Point 8





 Parents sometimes weaken the process by taking the forms and filling in false and wishful data about their children's habits, especially on the smoking question. (Para. 8)
 Meaning: Parents sometimes make the computerized matching process less effective by taking the forms and filling the forms with untrue and wishful information concerning their children's life habits, especially on the issue of smoking.



 Language Point 9





 Against all odds, the two ended up being friends. Says Sussman: "We taught each other a lot―but I would never do it again." (Para. 9)
 Meaning: In spite of all the difficulties, the two students became friends in the end. Sussman said they learnt a lot from each other, but he would never have such an experience again.
housing      



 n. 1. [U] the job of providing houses for people 住房供给

   The school offers graduate courses in housing and public administration.
 学校提供住房供给和公共管理方向的研究生课程。

   The government feels housing is in need of improvement.
 政府认为为居民提供住房的工作有待改善。

 2. [U] buildings for people to live in  房屋；住宅

   There's a shortage of cheap housing in the region.
 这个地区廉价房短缺。

   The government is taking emergency action to deal with a crisis in housing.
 政府正在采取紧急行动处理住房危机。



   furnace      



 n. [C] a piece of equipment for heating a building 暖气炉；火炉

   It's cold in here―should I turn on the furnace？
 这儿挺冷的，我可以把暖气炉打开吗？

   The hot air is provided by an oil-fired furnace.
 热气是由燃油炉供给的。



   thermometer      



 n. [C] a device used for measuring temperature 温度计；体温表

   Last night the thermometer fell below freezing.
 昨夜温度计的读数降到冰点以下。



   minus      



 a. less than zero 零下的；负的

   The temperature could fall to minus eight tonight.
 今晚温度会降到零下八度。

   This is a minus figure .
 这是一个负数。



   trumpet      



 n. [C] 小号

   I was a trumpet player in the jazz band at school.
 在学校时我是爵士乐队的小号手。

   He played a tune on his trumpet.
 他用小号吹奏了一支乐曲。



   vibrate      



 vi. shake slightly and quickly 震动；颤动

   If I drive my car too fast, the engine starts to vibrate.
 要是我开车太快的话，发动机就开始颤抖。

   Every sound that we hear is making part of our ears vibrate.
 我们听到的每个声音都会使我们耳朵的一部分发生振动。



   organic      



 a. produced without using artificial chemicals, esp. fertilizers and pesticides 有机的；不使用化肥的

   He will only buy organic vegetables.
 他只买有机蔬菜。

   He claims that many people are discouraged from buying organic foods because of their high price.
 他声称因为价高，许多人不愿买有机食品。



   organically      



 ad. in a way artificial chemicals are not used to produce plants and animals for food 有机地

   The wine is made from organically-grown grapes.
 这酒是用有机培植的葡萄制成的。

   Organically-grown produce does not differ greatly in appearance from conventionally-grown crops.
 有机培植的农产品在外表上与传统培植的差异不是很大。



   holy      



 a. related to God and religion and therefore thought to be morally good 神圣的；圣洁的

   Jerusalem is a holy place.
 耶路撒冷是一个神圣的地方。



   fur      



 n. 1. [C] a piece of clothing made of fur 毛皮大衣；毛皮衣服

   a hat made of fur
 毛皮帽

   Some people think the sale of furs should be banned.
 有些人认为应该禁止出售毛皮大衣。

 2. [U] the soft hair that covers the body of some animals  软毛；毛皮

   Cats have fur.
 猫身上有毛。

   She stroked the rabbit's soft fur.
 她轻抚着兔子软软的毛。



   stale      



 a. 1. no longer interesting or exciting 没有新意的；乏味的

   She felt their relationship had lost its initial excitement and had become stale and predictable.
 她觉得他们的关系失去了起初的兴奋，变得平淡无奇。

   He gave a boring speech full of stale jokes.
 他的发言很无趣，满是乏味的笑话。

 2. (of food) no longer fresh and often tasting or smelling unpleasant
 （食品）不新鲜的；变味的

   Their daily diet consisted of a lump of stale bread, a bowl of rice and some water.
 他们每天的日常饮食包括一块陈面包，一碗饭和一些水。

   Coffee goes stale within a couple of weeks so it is best to buy it in small quantities.
 咖啡会在几个星期内走味，因此最好少量购买。



   depression      



 n. 1. [U] the state of feeling sad and without hope 沮丧，抑郁

   I'm only just beginning to get over the deep depression I felt about losing my job.
 我刚刚开始摆脱失业带给我的深深沮丧。

   She went through a long depression after she failed the examination.
 她考试不及格后消沉了很长一段时间。

 2. [C] a period in which there is very little business activity and not many jobs  萧条；经济衰退

   He never forgot the hardships he witnessed during the Great Depression of the 1930s.
 他永远忘不了在20世纪30年代大萧条时期所目睹的艰难困苦。

   He was unemployed for many years during the depression of the 1930s.
 他在20世纪30年代大萧条时期失业多年。



   tolerate      



 vt. 1. allow sb. to do sth. that you don't like or approve 容忍；宽容

   tolerate heat/noise/pain
 忍耐高温/噪音/疼痛

   The ability to tolerate pain varies from person to person.
 忍耐疼痛的能力人与人各不相同。

 2. accept sth. unpleasant  忍受；忍耐

   The school cannot tolerate cheating on exams.
 学校不容许考试作弊。

   I'm afraid I can't tolerate that sort of behavior in my class.
 恐怕我不能容忍我的班里有那种行为。



   undergraduate      



 n. [C] a student who is studying for a first degree at college or university 本科生

   undergraduate courses
 本科生课程

   Now there are 3, 000 graduate students as well as 15, 000 undergraduates in this university.
 现在这所大学有3,000名研究生和1万5千名本科生。



   flexibility      



 n. [U] the ability to change or be changed easily 灵活性

   price flexibility 价格弹性


   Computers offer a much greater degree of flexibility in the way work is organized.
 利用计算机，工作安排可以灵活得多。



   freshman      



 n. [C] (BrE fresher) a student in the first year of university or high school （大学或中学）一年级学生

   Greg and Jody met in their freshman year at college and married soon after they graduated.
 格雷格和乔迪在他们大学一年级时相识，毕业后很快就结婚了。

   He was still a freshman in the high school, although he was nearly sixteen.
 虽然他将近16岁了，他仍然是高中一年级学生。



   timid      



 a. not having courage or confidence 胆小的；缺乏自信心的

   Lucy is a rather timid child.
 露西是一个相当羞怯的小孩。

   They failed not because they were too timid but because they overreached.
 他们失败并不是因为他们胆小，而是因为非分妄为。



   saw      



 vt. cut sth. with a tool that has a long blade with sharp teeth on one of its edges 锯；锯开

   I'll saw the logs up into smaller pieces.
 我要将原木锯成小木块。

   We'll have to saw that tree down.
 我们得把那棵树锯倒。



   irritate      



 vt. make sb. annoyed 使生气；使烦躁

   The child's foolish questions irritated his mother a lot.
 这孩子提出的那些愚蠢的问题使他母亲很恼火。

   It irritated me to learn that she had been promoted.
 得知她被提升，我感到恼火。



   irritating      



 a. making sb. feel annoyed 令人恼火的；使人生气的

   The people here are very irritating.
 这里的人令人很生气。

   It's irritating to see them waste so much time.
 看到他们浪费那么多时间，令人生气。



   abstract      



 a. existing as an idea in the mind, not related to physical objects 抽象的

   Truth and beauty are abstract concepts.
 真与美是抽象概念。

   This debate is too abstract―let's have some hard facts!
 这场辩论太抽象了──举一些有力的事实吧！

 n. [C] a short summary of a book, essay, etc.  摘要，梗概

   He made an abstract of the lecture.
 他写了一份讲座的摘要。

   He was asked to write an abstract of approximately 200 words.
 他被要求写一篇约200字的摘要。



   residential      



 a. 1. requiring a person to live at a particular place 住宿的，寄宿的

   The department is responsible for the provision of residential care services.
 这部门负责提供住院护理服务。

   Training involves a two-year residential course.
 培训包括两年住校攻读的课程

 2. (of an area) consisting of houses rather than factories or offices  住宅区的

   In residential areas, usually you may not drive faster than 30 km/hr.
 在住宅区，一般你驾车不能超过每小时30公里。

   They live in a good residential district.
 他们居住在一个很好的住宅区。



   volcano      



 n. [C] 火山

   Volcanoes discharge massive quantities of dust into the stratosphere.
 火山喷射出大量的灰尘进入大气平流层。

   A nearby volcano erupted violently, sending out a hail of molten rock and boiling mud.
 附近的一座火山猛烈爆发，喷出了一阵熔岩和沸腾的泥浆。



   resort      



 v. (~ to) use sth. to do sth. because one cannot find any other way 求助于；采取；诉诸

   We may have to resort to using untrained staff.
 我们也许只能使用未受训练的员工了。

   When she didn't answer the telephone I resorted to standing outside her window and calling up to her.
 当她不接电话时，我只得站在她的窗外喊她。



   jury      



 n. [C] a group of people who listen to the facts of a case in a law court and decide whether sb. is guilty or not 陪审团

   Several members of the jury wept as they heard how the child was killed.
 当听到孩子被杀害的经过时，几名陪审团成员落了泪。

   The jury has/have returned a verdict of guilty.
 陪审团已作出有罪判定。



   feud      



 vi. have an angry and bitter argument with sb. over a long period of time 长期争斗；争吵不休

   He has been feuding with his brother for years.
 他和他兄弟已多年不和。

   The neighboring states are feuding over the rights to the river.
 这些相邻的国家正在为这条河的主权争吵。



   computerize      



 vt. (BrE computerise) use a computer to control an operation, system, etc. 用计算机控制；使计算机化

   a scheme to computerize the library service
 一项使图书馆服务电脑化的方案

   The factory has been fully computerized.
 这家工厂已完全计算机化了。



   nevertheless      



 ad. despite what has just been said or done 不过，仍然

   I disagree with everything she said, but she's a very good speaker nevertheless.
 她所说的一切我都不敢苟同，不过她是一位很好的演说家。

   I am feeling ill, but I shall come with you nevertheless.
 我感到不舒服，可我仍会跟你一起去。



   disorder      



 n. 1. [U] a state in which things are not tidy 杂乱；凌乱

   The whole office was in a state of disorder ― she couldn't find a thing she looked for.
 整个办公室乱糟糟的，要找的东西她一样也找不到。

   Inside all was in disorder: drawers fallen out, shoes and boots scattered.
 里面一片狼藉：抽屉都翻了出来，鞋子、靴子扔得到处都是。

 2. [C, U] an illness or medical condition  紊乱；失调

   a stomach disorder
 胃痛

   He was suffering from some form of psychiatric disorder.
 他患有某种类型的精神错乱。



   complicate      



 vt. make sth. more difficult to deal with, do or understand 使复杂化

   The rescue operation has been complicated by bad weather.
 恶劣的天气使得营救行动难以进行了。

   These new rules have complicated the tax system even further.
 这些新的规定使得税收制度进一步复杂化了。



   selection      



 n. [U] the choice of a particular person or thing from a group of similar people or things 选择，挑选

   the process of jury selection
 陪审团（成员）的挑选

   Please make your selections and move along.
 请作出选择并向前移动。



   exclaim      



 v. say sth. suddenly and loudly because of surprise, fear, pleasure, etc. 呼喊；惊叫

   "You can't leave so soon!" she exclaimed.
 “你不能这么早离开！”她叫道。

   She exclaimed in delight upon hearing the news.
 她听到这个消息高兴地欢呼起来。



   chess      



 n. [U] 国际象棋

   They often play chess after work.
 他们下班后常下国际象棋。

   The aim in chess is to win by attacking the other player's king in such a way that it cannot avoid being taken.
 国际象棋的目标是攻击对方的王，使其只得被吃掉。



   mess      



 n. [U] a dirty or untidy state 杂乱；脏乱

   When I got home, the house was in a complete mess.
 我到家时，屋里杂乱不堪。

   You can make cookies if you promise not to make a mess in the kitchen.
 如果你答应不把厨房弄得一塌糊涂，你可以做甜饼干。



   messy      



 a. dirty and/or untidy 杂乱的；脏乱的

   The house was always messy.
 这屋子总是乱七八糟的。

   The children got really messy playing in the woods.
 这些孩子在树林里玩耍，弄得脏兮兮的。



   paw      



 v. touch with the hands rudely or awkwardly 乱翻；乱动

   He pawed through reference books.
 他翻找一本本的参考书。

   She pawed through her purse for matches.
 她在手提包里乱翻一气找火柴。

 n. [C] the foot of an animal which has claws or nails  爪

   The cat lifted its paw and put it on my knee.
 猫抬起爪子放在我的膝上。

   He removes a thorn from a lion's paw.
 他除去了狮子脚掌上的一根刺。



   postage      



 n. 1. [U] an amount of stamps 一定面额的邮票

   Your parcel will not be delivered without the proper postage.
 邮票面值不够的话，您的包裹就无法邮寄。

 2. [U] the money that one pays for sending letters and parcels through the post  邮资，邮费

   Enclose $20 plus $2 postage.
 随信附寄20美元，外加2美元邮资。

   What is the postage for an airmail letter?
 寄一封航空信的邮资是多少？



   chew      



 v. use your teeth to bite food into small pieces so that you can swallow it 咀嚼；嚼碎

   You should chew your food well before you swallow it.
 你应当先细嚼你的食物，然后再咽下去。

   He broke off another piece of bread and chewed at it.
 他又撕下一块面包嚼了起来。



   batch      



 n. [C] an amount of food, medicine, etc. produced at one time （食品、药品等）一批

   a batch of cookies
 一炉甜饼干

   The cook brought in a fresh batch of homemade cakes.
 厨师端上了新做好的一炉饼干。



   chip      



 n. 1. [C] a small piece cut or broken off from glass, stone, wood, etc. 碎屑；碎片

   chocolate chips
 巧克力碎片

   The ground was covered with wood chips.
 地上铺满了木屑。

 2. [C] a microchip  芯片

   The silicon chip is said to be the invention that has changed lifestyles in the 20th century.
 人们认为硅片是改变了20世纪生活方式的发明。

   America and Japan are presently working on chips which will hold a million words.
 美国和日本现在正在开发能存百万字的硅片。



   cookie      



 n. [C] a sweet biscuit 曲奇饼干，甜饼干

   Store the cookies in an airtight tin.
 把甜饼干放在密封的桶里。

   The guests, invited and uninvited, helped themselves to cakes and little cookies.
 这些客人们，不管是受邀的还是未受邀的，自己动手吃起了蛋糕和甜饼干。



   slap      



 vt. hit sb. or sth. with the flat part of your hand 用巴掌打；掴；拍

   She slapped him across the face.
 她抽了他一耳光。

   She slapped his face when he put his hand on her knee.
 当他将手放在她膝盖上时，她打了他一记耳光。

 vi. hit against a surface with a sound like a slap  啪啪地撞击；拍击

   mall waves slapped against the jetty.
 细浪拍击着防波堤。



   odds      



 n. (pl.) the chances that sth. will or will not happen 可能性；概率；机会

   If you drive a car all your life, the odds are that you'll have an accident at some point.
 如果你一辈子开车，你可能在某个时候出车祸。

   There are heavy odds against people succeeding in such a bad economic climate.
 人们要在如此糟糕的经济气候下成功，可能性很小。



   strike out      





 start doing sth. new or living by oneself 独立闯新路；独立谋生



 He decided to leave the company to strike out on his own as a writer.
 他决定离开公司，自己去闯一条写作的新路。



 At the age of 17 she left her home to strike out on her own.
 17岁那年，她离开了家去独立闯天下。



   get along with      





 form or have a friendly relationship with 与...相处融洽



 They just can't get along with each other.
 他们就是彼此合不来。



 He doesn't get along with anybody in the office.
 他和办公室任何人都处不来。



   give up on      





 stop hoping that sb. or sth. will change, improve, etc. 对...不再抱希望



 I give up on you: You'll never be a qualified nurse.
 我对你不再抱任何希望，你永远成不了合格的护士。



 His teachers seem to have given up on him.
 他的老师们看来已对他绝望。



   cut up      





 cut sth. into small pieces 切碎



 Cut up the carrots and put them into the pot.
 把胡萝卜切碎放入锅内。



 He cut up the meat on his plate.
 他把自己盘子里的肉切碎。



   spring from      





 be caused by sth. or start from sth. 由...造成，起源于



 The idea for the novel sprang from a trip to India.
 这部小说的想法源于一次去印度的旅行。



 All our errors have sprung from carelessness.
 我们所有的错误都是由粗心造成的。



   tear apart      





 cause serious arguments in an organization, group, etc. 使...分裂



 It was the misunderstanding that tore them apart.
 是误解导致了他们的分离。



 He resigned, depressed at the way that the party was tearing itself apart.
 他辞职了，对这个党把自己弄的四分五裂的做法感到沮丧。



   in case      





 if it happens that; lest 以防；以防万一



 Be quiet in case you wake the baby.
 轻点儿，免得弄醒孩子。



 Keep the window closed in case it rains.
 把窗子关好，以防下雨。



   head off      





 prevent sth. from happening 阻止，防止



 He headed off efforts to replace him as leader.
 他挫败了要取代他的领导地位的企图。



 They've headed off several crises since they took charge.
 自接手以来，他们已避免了好几次危机。



   on the basis of      





 based on 在...基础上；根据



 She was given the job on the basis of her qualifications.
 由于她的资历，她得到了那份工作。



 It's dangerous to judge on the basis of first impressions.
 根据第一印象作判断是很危险的。



   fill in      





 write what is necessary on sth. such as a paper 填写



 Fill in the blanks to complete the following sentences.
 填空完成下面的句子。



 He was required to fill in a form before the interview.
 面试前，他被要求填一张表格。



   sum up      





 state the main points of sth. in a short and clear form 总结；概括



 The judge summed up the evidence presented.
 法官总结了呈堂证据。



 I can't sum up his whole philosophy in one sentence.
 我无法用一句话来概括他的全部哲学。



   against all (the) odds      





 in spite of the difficulties that would make sth. impossible 尽管困难重重



 Against all (the) odds, he made a full recovery.
 他出乎意料地完全康复了。



 Against all odds, I finished my work on time.
 尽管有极大的困难，我还是按时完成了工作。



   Katie Monahan      





 卡蒂・莫纳汉（人名）



   Sarah Monahan      





 萨拉・莫纳汉（人名）



   Pennsylvania      





 宾夕法尼亚州（美国州名）



   Gettysburg College      





 葛底斯堡学院



   Julie Noel      





 朱莉・诺埃尔（人名）



   Ohio      





 俄亥俄州（美国州名）



   Harvard      





 哈佛大学（美国）



   Alan Sussman      





 艾伦・萨斯曼（人名）

